fix: quick start (#51)
kubefleet-dev/website: content/en/docs/getting-started/on-prem.md

hub cluster.

Any Kubernetes cluster running a supported version of Kubernetes can serve as the hub cluster;
it is recommended that you reserve a cluster specifically for this responsibility, and do not run heavy workloads on it. 

To set up the hub cluster, run the commands below:

```sh
# Replace YOUR-HUB-CLUSTER-CONTEXT with the name of the kubeconfig context for your hub cluster.
export HUB_CLUSTER_CONTEXT=YOUR-HUB-CLUSTER-CONTEXT
kubectl config use-context $HUB_CLUSTER_CONTEXT

# please replace the following env variables with the values of your own; see the repository README for
# more information.

> export REGISTRY="$ACR.azurecr.io" # replace with your own container registry

Reviewer: Do we want to change this to docker registry? To be generic. It would come up like https://hub.docker.com/r/britaniar/hub-agent
```suggestion
export REGISTRY="$docker.io/<name>" # Replace <name> with your own container registry name
```
